being a goulash to them
the flavor
care of a piece
but you put them through your grinder
right
in our wonderful
just let this on medium heat let it cook
all together probably about half an hour
okay and I think I've just a little bit
of water so well tiny little bit that
the goulash needs a little bit of
acidity right what was that that was a
little bit of red wine vinegar but you
also can use apple cider vinegar just a
little shot just gives it that little
a little bit of hot pepper not too much
and then we don't add soap rope to it
and just okay and we just feed it
through and then they'll serve it with
some wonderful potatoes we don't really
cook that actually what I'm doing right
now is enough okay goulash very famous
right look at this wonderful fresh
sauerkraut it just finished it a couple
of days ago surf this here second thing
that blue lush okay like this and bring
it over here serve it and a little bit
of parsley fresh parsley from the garden
if you like you can serve it with sour
cream little dollop of sour cream on top
that's probably really good yeah
yeah wonderful dinner very healthy very
nice yeah yeah thank you thank you
what's it called again second being a
goulash is Hungarian dance with a set eg
Edie
I am er say get a map and sit